[PL-52014] Update delegate docs on number of parallel executions (#7194)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/delegates/delegate-concepts/delegate-overview.md

### Delegate sizes

:::danger delegate resources

>  Remember that the memory and CPU requirements are for the delegate only. Your delegate host/pod/container will need more computing resources for its operations systems and other services, such as Docker or Kubernetes.

Author: ```suggestion
Memory and CPU requirements are for the delegate only. Your delegate host/pod/container requires additional computing resources for its operating system and other services, such as Docker or Kubernetes.
```

> The resource requirements of the delegate container vary depending on the type of tasks or executions. For example, CI-only delegates can handle hundreds of parallel pipelines, whereas, for CD Terraform tasks, a single task might require a 2Gi container.

Reviewer: Maybe just clarify here that this is due to terraform memory requirements, so it's clear that it's not delegate having an issue. E.g. something like 
a single task might require a 2Gi container due to terraform memory requirements. 

Also, I read in some Hashicorp docs that they recomend 500Mb min per terraform command. Not sure if we should include this somehow in the doc. Linking their doc wouldn't be good as it points to their own runners (delegate equivalent).

> The resource requirements of the delegate container vary depending on the type of tasks or executions. For example, CI-only delegates can handle hundreds of parallel pipelines, whereas, for CD Terraform tasks, a single task might require a 2Gi container.

Author: ```suggestion
The resource requirements of the delegate container vary depending on the type of tasks or executions. For example, CI-only delegates can handle hundreds of parallel pipelines, whereas, for CD Terraform tasks, a single task might require a 2Gi container due to Terraform memory requirements. Each Terraform command requires a minimum of 500Mb of memory. 
```

>  The resource requirements of the delegate container vary depending on the type of tasks or executions. For instance, CI-only delegates can handle hundreds of parallel pipelines, whereas for CD Terraform tasks, a single task might require a 2Gi container.

Author: ```suggestion
The resource requirements of the delegate container vary depending on the type of tasks or executions. For example, CI-only delegates can handle hundreds of parallel pipelines, whereas, for CD Terraform tasks, a single task might require a 2Gi container.
```
